com/jsibbold/zoomage/dataClass/PolygonData.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.dataClass.PolygonData
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Rectangle/TranslateUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Rectangle.TranslateUtils
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Rectangle.TranslateUtils$1
com/jsibbold/zoomage/enums/CropObjectStatus.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.enums.CropObjectStatus
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Rectangle/Common.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Rectangle.Common
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Polygon/TouchUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Polygon.TouchUtils
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Rectangle/TouchUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Rectangle.TouchUtils
com/jsibbold/zoomage/dataClass/RectFData.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.dataClass.RectFData
com/jsibbold/zoomage/AutoResetMode.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.AutoResetMode
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.AutoResetMode$Parser
com/jsibbold/zoomage/enums/CropObjectType.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.enums.CropObjectType
com/jsibbold/zoomage/BuildConfig.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.BuildConfig
com/jsibbold/zoomage/interfaces/OnCropRectangleClickListener.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.interfaces.OnCropRectangleClickListener
com/jsibbold/zoomage/ZoomageView.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.ZoomageView
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.ZoomageView$1
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.ZoomageView$SimpleAnimatorListener
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Polygon/Common.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Polygon.Common
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Rectangle/DrawUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Rectangle.DrawUtils
com/jsibbold/zoomage/enums/TouchArea.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.enums.TouchArea
com/jsibbold/zoomage/dataClass/CropObjectData.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.dataClass.CropObjectData
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Polygon/TranslateUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Polygon.TranslateUtils
com/jsibbold/zoomage/interfaces/OnCropPolygonClickListener.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.interfaces.OnCropPolygonClickListener
com/jsibbold/zoomage/dataClass/Polygon.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.dataClass.Polygon
com/jsibbold/zoomage/dataClass/CropObjects.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.dataClass.CropObjects
com/jsibbold/zoomage/utils/Polygon/DrawUtils.java
 com.jsibbold.zoomage.utils.Polygon.DrawUtils
